Duy Nguyen: I'm…
Wei Zheng: Okay, go ahead, go ahead.
Duy Nguyen: I'm trying to apply to… JSU, but… I don't know why, but…
Duy Nguyen: an email I sent for them, like, to have the question about the procedure, the doc… the paper, the document.
Duy Nguyen: The required… that… that they require.
Duy Nguyen: I'm not… I'm… I'm not hope… Like, haven't have the…
Wei Zheng: They do not respond to you?
Duy Nguyen: Yeah, they, they not respond to me.
Wei Zheng: How about online the system, have you checked the status of your application?
Duy Nguyen: I can show you.
Duy Nguyen: Junior.
Wei Zheng: is any, anything, because I, I, I think, at one time.
Wei Zheng: But I'm busy at that time. I think you want some recommendation later, right?
Duy Nguyen: Yes.
Wei Zheng: But, but at that time, I'm busy. I want to recognize that that is over past the time. Yeah, is there any contact? I probably, I can, I can, I can contact them now.
Duy Nguyen: I think they… they hold my… my application in for the next… For the next semester.
Wei Zheng: So, no, what do you mean next semester? What do you mean, the fall? The fall?
Duy Nguyen: No, the spring.
Wei Zheng: Why?
Duy Nguyen: Because… You can see the… I did is receive an no… no, notification. Resume.
Wei Zheng: Awaiting for all…
Duy Nguyen: Boom.
Wei Zheng: recommendation, okay, okay, okay, I, I can, I can.
Wei Zheng: I can, I can do it, I can do it.
Duy Nguyen: I have 3 recommendations later, one from…
Duy Nguyen: Dr. Chen, Professor Chen, and one for Dr. Finger.
Duy Nguyen: Okay, okay.
Wei Zheng: Okay, I can, I can…
Duy Nguyen: Actually, I can, send reminder for you, so you will receive the reminder right now?
Wei Zheng: Okay, but anyway, so why they said they hold you? I mean, it's not for… you were graduated, you already graduated, right? Or you haven't graduated, huh?
Duy Nguyen: I graduate.
Wei Zheng: You graduate. Yes. So you want the fall, right? You want to admit it by fall, is right?
Duy Nguyen: Yes. But… You see that? I didn't see any state…
Duy Nguyen: No hoe, no any… not… not… nothing in here.
Duy Nguyen: So, I think I need to, like, go to Jackson University.
Wei Zheng: Yeah, probably you have time, you probably just… I will… you write me something, I will probably write a recommendation. You write me something, give me some draft of recommend re… you know, a template, a template.
Duy Nguyen: Okay, so I still have a question that, like… Do I need to…
Duy Nguyen: go to Jackson University, because I'm still in Mississippi right now.
Wei Zheng: I don't know, you call them, public…
Wei Zheng: You do… do you know is there any people who is particularly…
Wei Zheng: Do you have the number? Do you have the
Wei Zheng: Do you have an application number?
Duy Nguyen: No.
Wei Zheng: That's it, I see it.
Wei Zheng: Give me, give me… You, you, you, you do the screenshot, you do the screenshot for this application, email to me.
Duy Nguyen: Okay.
Wei Zheng: I will… also, give me, give me a template of your recommendation later. I will write a recommendation and also attach this.
Wei Zheng: And I… also give me any, any email, regarding the…
Wei Zheng: The future Tiger is right?
Wei Zheng: Future Tiger is contactless, huh?
Wei Zheng: FutureTiger is here. It's the email, the email I can contact.
Duy Nguyen: Okay, okay. You like it?
Duy Nguyen: Yeah, future… but I already sent… sent, for the…
Wei Zheng: Okay, okay, I will, I will find out who is in charge. I will send both of them.
Duy Nguyen: Okay.
Wei Zheng: You, you want, yeah, I, yeah, I can pay you what I say is.
Duy Nguyen: And I already, like, talked with, Talk with Mike.
Duy Nguyen: about, the PhD, the doc… the application.
Duy Nguyen: He, he told me that, I need to talk with you.
Wei Zheng: But anyway, that's fine. But anyway, I can help you, I can help you. Give me, yeah.
Wei Zheng: Yeah, give me the two things. One is a screenshot of your application?
Duy Nguyen: Okay.
Wei Zheng: It's just the, the screenshot of, of, of just, whatever you just showed me.
Duy Nguyen: Yeah.
Wei Zheng: Just like this.
Wei Zheng: Okay.
Wei Zheng: And I can pay you, I think it's… we said that for… is, you, for the graduate, is 20 hours, right?
Wei Zheng: 20 hours.
Duy Nguyen: And I'm hungry.
Wei Zheng: Color, power, I can pay that, I can pay that.
Wei Zheng: So you but the rest part, you will pick up, is that?
Wei Zheng: Regarding the, regarding expense, you know what I mean?
Duy Nguyen: The rest, the rest of, like, the, the…
Wei Zheng: I don't know what rates it is, but I can pay you. What I told you, I can pay you 20 hours per week, and $20 per hour per hour.
Duy Nguyen: But how about the… the tuition fee?
Wei Zheng: I don't think that tuition fee will waive, because the tuition fee will come from whatever. Because that is… my projects do not include that. My project is only paid like this, you know what I mean? Even for that guy, I pay like this, and the rest part, I don't know. You need to figure out, you know what I mean?
Duy Nguyen: Yep, I already figured out, like, if I want…
Duy Nguyen: I want to, have the waiver for the tuition fee, I have to apply for the, like, the…
Duy Nguyen: Scholarship, like.
Wei Zheng: I don't know if you can have the scholarship or not, but I will… if you have the, if you have this, assistantship.
Wei Zheng: Tell me, because I can say that currently I can pay you like this, okay? And you need to figure out what is this number is come out, and how much… I don't think they will cover the whole thing, and then the rest part.
Wei Zheng: But anyway, the first, I can say that I can pay you this, and also I can help you, to, to, to gather those, I don't know.
Wei Zheng: that's help or not, but at least I can write a recommendation later, and I can inquire them to admit you by the fall, and also I can tell them I can pay you what I told you, you know what I mean? And then the rest part, I don't know, is…
Duy Nguyen: So I… so I… so I can, like…
Duy Nguyen: Continue study in this fall 2026, right?
Wei Zheng: Yeah, if… if… I can know… if they… they can process that, because my… what I can do is, I just, send the recommendation… send the recommendation later, but… and… and also, and also ask them.
Duy Nguyen: But how… but how about… They cannot process my application for the full 2026.
Duy Nguyen: I need to come back after summer, right? I need to come back to my country after summer.
Wei Zheng: I don't know what's currently your state… you are currently… I don't know what that… that is. You're currently… you probably… you can use your practical training, right?
Duy Nguyen: Yes.
Wei Zheng: I don't know, the practical training…
Duy Nguyen: But after I expire my… my OPT, my CPT, and JSU… Haven't processed my application.
Duy Nguyen: I…
Wei Zheng: I don't know, because how long you are OPT… how long you can have OPT? How… I can't… I don't know if this… this OPT can… can… can… can sustain.
Wei Zheng: I don't know, is it okay or not. Because,
Wei Zheng: Yeah, because the public is okay, because you are supposed to be, be… you're supposed to be admitted by… by the fall.
Duy Nguyen: Actually, I'm… I'm thinking about the… the worst case, the worst case, like, if Jackson State University not process my application.
Duy Nguyen: I need to come back to my… to my country, and then… I will…
Duy Nguyen: come back into the U.S. for the spring, 2027?
Duy Nguyen: Is that okay?
Wei Zheng: I think.
Duy Nguyen: He's the worst K, but…
Wei Zheng: Yeah, yeah, but if… I have no idea, but if this work, that will be…
Wei Zheng: I don't know what's your intent, but anyway, for my… I only can do what? I can only… can provide… can facilitate the… the… facilitate your application process. I can pay that, what I told you. And the rest part, I have no idea. You probably need to ask AI, you know what I mean?
Duy Nguyen: Okay.
Wei Zheng: But for you, if you… I don't know how long your OPT could be.
Wei Zheng: And… probably… but I'm… I'm not 100% sure I can continue PO if you are not a student. But…
Wei Zheng: Father!
Wei Zheng: but probably it's okay, because your situation is you're supposed to be admitted to the Jackson State University by fall, but because there's some issues, right?
Duy Nguyen: Yeez.
Wei Zheng: And prevent to omit it, but you are waiting for the spring.
Wei Zheng: But those kind of things, it's hard to say you are eligible or not.
Wei Zheng: I'm not sure about this, but, if there are… moment.
Wei Zheng: Hello.
Wei Zheng: Hello?
Wei Zheng: Hawa.
Wei Zheng: Okay.
Wei Zheng: Yeah, I'm not sure about that, but at least during the summer, we continue working, and also meantime, I will… I will… I will facilitate this process. I said, since you are already working on this project.
Wei Zheng: I hope you can admit it and continue work on this project, you know what I mean? But beyond this, I don't know, you know what I mean? Only thing I can help is, rescind the recommendation later. I'm busy at that time, and also…
Wei Zheng: Yeah, when I recognize… this already passed the deadline. But anyway, I hope I can write a…
Wei Zheng: recommendation later. You send me a template, and then you give me the screenshot, and then I can talk to them, and then they know, who are you, you know what I mean? That's easy to know. And then…
Wei Zheng: I can explain, you are already working on this project for a while, and I want you… since you are a graduate, I want to continue, hire you, and provide support to you, and hope you… you can be admitted by the fall. That is the only thing I can do, but I cannot guarantee that will… that will help. But I know that even worse scenario, if you… if you want, of course.
Wei Zheng: That is always if you make effort, just like you apply university here, you know what I mean? That always can be… Actually, I agree.
Duy Nguyen: I'm thinking about the… the… the case that the…
Duy Nguyen: Like, if they not processed my…
Duy Nguyen: my application, I need to go to the office of the JSU and talk about them, about my application.
Duy Nguyen: And…
Wei Zheng: Yeah, if,
Wei Zheng: I think if you have time, you have the car, or you have… you can drive here, or it's hard to come here.
Duy Nguyen: Actually, I, I can… book the, the, the Uber.
Wei Zheng: I don't know, but anyway, I think if you, in that case.
Wei Zheng: I don't know, you come here… definitely you come here will be helpful, but I don't know how much helpful of this. But anyway, let me contact with graduate school.
Duy Nguyen: Okay, yeah.
Wei Zheng: I think we do the first. After that, you provide a template of your recommendation later.
Wei Zheng: and also the screenshot, and then I will address the email to graduate school and ask.
Wei Zheng: And then you probably… you follow up, okay? You follow up.
Wei Zheng: Follow-up email, and then… Yeah, at least I will try to let them respond to you. Probably.
Wei Zheng: You do not need to come. But if you come, that help, but you need to weigh, you need to weigh the expense, you know what I mean? You take Uber. You take Uber probably, I don't know, $50 or something?
Wei Zheng: At least $50 one, one, one way, right?
Duy Nguyen: I think it's, around 100.
Wei Zheng: Oh, why don't we do around 100?
Duy Nguyen: Yeah, it's around 100.
Wei Zheng: Probably, in that case, probably… Unless…
Wei Zheng: is needed, but… but… but first, we try to… I try to… I try to communicate with them, okay? I try to call them, probably, yeah, but anyway, let me… let me try this first, okay?
Wei Zheng: Okay.
Wei Zheng: Okay, but I… yeah, now you still work on that, it's like we talked about, the…
Wei Zheng: the… the what? The…
Duy Nguyen: Yeah. For the people.
Wei Zheng: Is that for the paper, is that?
Duy Nguyen: Yes, I'm still working on that, but… But… For this project, we use…
Duy Nguyen: Microsoft, graph racks, so… is…
Duy Nguyen: Require the model, so we need…
Duy Nguyen: So we need to spend a lot of money for the API.
Wei Zheng: moment. You said you need what model?
Duy Nguyen: The model I use right now is GPT for O-mini.
Duy Nguyen: use…
Wei Zheng: This is AP, OpenEye, huh?
Duy Nguyen: Yes, OpenAI.
Duy Nguyen: like the… the email I, I sent to you…
Duy Nguyen: Hmm… I used, the GPT O-mini.
Duy Nguyen: But the… but this reasoning quality was not strong enough for the serious screening tasks, so I moved to, like, to use three LLM approach using 3 models, OpenAI and Cloud and Gemini.
Duy Nguyen: I think it's… it will re… improve the research quality.
Wei Zheng: But anyway, yeah, we can talk about this later. So, just say, what do you try to work now, and what is the stage you are?
Duy Nguyen: Just did, I'm… Actually, I, I, I, I still…
Wei Zheng: Okay, how you have the frame? How will you have the framework?
Wei Zheng: Do I send you what I try to do? Do I… yeah?
Duy Nguyen: Yes.
Wei Zheng: you'll…
Duy Nguyen: You, you do send me.
Wei Zheng: Oh, yeah, we, we, yeah, we, we know that. We try to simulate that, the publication, right? We, we try to simulate the people who public in, what, the dairies, what call that?
Duy Nguyen: Richmond.
Wei Zheng: Richmond, okay, Richmond publication. We try to simulate, human
Wei Zheng: A process for doing this, is that…
Duy Nguyen: Yes.
Wei Zheng: So… so what is the basic… I forgot, what, what you have… you have did there, but the first, we need what? We need,
Duy Nguyen: Here's… here's the three doc… the three paper, the three… the three documents you… you… you sent me, and it's very specific, and it's very useful.
Duy Nguyen: And I'm… I feed it to…
Duy Nguyen: The AI, so they read all of that.
Wei Zheng: How about, okay, I think one is a graph, what to call that? Graph re…
Wei Zheng: Rag. He's like, rag? Yeah.
Duy Nguyen: Rough rang.
Wei Zheng: The Microsoft, right?
Duy Nguyen: Yes.
Wei Zheng: So, how about that one? Because last time we talked about, we need, what? We need to sort of this,
Wei Zheng: This, I cannot remember. This is at least some concept, is that?
Duy Nguyen: The entity, right? The entity and really.
Wei Zheng: Yeah, entity, and also, the other major thing is follow that strategy, is what called that, ROG, or whatever.
Duy Nguyen: ontology?
Wei Zheng: no, ROG, or something like that. In this paper, in their publication paper, they have their approach that their basic approach is kind of some object, and what… I cannot remember. If you look at the Richard… Richard…
Wei Zheng: Richardson, you know? Richardson.
Duy Nguyen: The regiment paper?
Wei Zheng: Yeah, Richmond… Richmond people, they… they based on… they have some basic concept, you know?
Wei Zheng: How would that tell what?
Wei Zheng: Like, like, like, what, the triangle, you know what I mean? With the relation, what to call that?
Wei Zheng: What is the… what is the paper? Yeah, yeah, the COMC.
Duy Nguyen: the contacts, C, CMO,
Wei Zheng: Cmoc, you got CMOC.
Wei Zheng: Yeah, yeah, yeah, it's here, CMOC. So…
Wei Zheng: So, have you… okay, I think last time we talked about that is you try to use… we try to use graph, REG to recognize the… the… the CMO… OC.
Wei Zheng: Component, right?
Duy Nguyen: is…
Wei Zheng: So, for this part, how the process it is?
Wei Zheng: Have you… have we… how… have we reached the, the, the, the, the, the outcome we, we want?
Duy Nguyen: Yeah, I… I had the outcome…
Wei Zheng: Those outcomes can be comparable to The humans…
Duy Nguyen: At this time, but, at this time, it cannot compare with, Richmond.
Duy Nguyen: I can show you here.
Duy Nguyen: Oh, wait, wait.
Wei Zheng: So you already did that, because last time we said, we need some seed, and then we need to go through a different modifier. This is just like a, what's called an iterative process. They come out on result and the human exam.
Wei Zheng: It's kind of seemed like that.
Duy Nguyen: And yet…
Duy Nguyen: Actually, I still, I still improve.
Duy Nguyen: And rerun and improve the output, the outcome.
Duy Nguyen: But here is the final…
Duy Nguyen: What?
Wei Zheng: is the final program theory. This program theory is from what? From their paper?
Duy Nguyen: Yeah, from… from the 20 paper, later.
Duy Nguyen: I think it's just, around 5 papers.
Wei Zheng: So what does this, what does this do? This is… you generated based on your result, or what?
Duy Nguyen: he's… It's based on the… the… The data, the 28 papers, That, Richmond Jews… for their… break, please.
Wei Zheng: It's about 20… 20-some people, right?
Duy Nguyen: Yes.
Wei Zheng: So… You read those people, and then you come out of the laws, is that?
Duy Nguyen: Yeah, here's the… the AI.
Duy Nguyen: they, extract the entity, the relationship, and reasoning, And then got… The final…
Duy Nguyen: But it's… it's… it still needs to improve, still need to…
Wei Zheng: How, how you know, how, how you know these…
Wei Zheng: How you know, how you know what's the difference between the outcome from what you do and from the human? Is any.
Wei Zheng: metrics?
Duy Nguyen: I can use based on the benchmark you already sent me.
Duy Nguyen: The ver- the ver- the verification?
Wei Zheng: Huh.
Duy Nguyen: Yosemi, let me see, let me see… Yeah, get planned.
Duy Nguyen: Plan for tomorrow? Yeah, did you send me this one.
Duy Nguyen: I, I, I just based on the…
Duy Nguyen: After, if I have the output.
Duy Nguyen: You want me to focus on the part A?
Duy Nguyen: Here's the plan for model verification you… you already sent me.
Wei Zheng: Okay.
Wei Zheng: Hub.
Wei Zheng: this is what graph is effective or not, whatever the, graph.
Wei Zheng: Oh, grab, what to call that? Grab for retrieval, what to call that?
Duy Nguyen: Mmm, graph running.
Wei Zheng: Geograph, is that?
Duy Nguyen: Knowledge Graft, yes.
Wei Zheng: So, once you establish the graph, the graph basically is the entity, and also.
Wei Zheng: And also the relation between the entities, right?
Duy Nguyen: Yeah.
Wei Zheng: They use the… How about this? It works?
Wei Zheng: what's the result from you… you apply to… to… to… to the paper you have? Have you… have you established the knowledge graph?
Duy Nguyen: Yes, I'm here.
Duy Nguyen: I can run it.
Wei Zheng: So, but essentially, you… but anyway, you already go through. You're already wrong.
Wei Zheng: That.
Duy Nguyen: I already run.
Wei Zheng: Are you wrong that you feed with the… you feed it with 20… 20… 20-something publication, is that?
Duy Nguyen: Yes.
Wei Zheng: And then you run it, is that?
Duy Nguyen: Yes, I ran it.
Wei Zheng: And right, after you write, you establish the knowledge, graph.
Duy Nguyen: Yeah.
Duy Nguyen: Cute.
Duy Nguyen: It's very beautiful in you.
Duy Nguyen: Nice.
Wei Zheng: So, what do you use this? You use a cruiser? What you show here, the black one, is Cruiser, or what?
Duy Nguyen: I use anti-gravity, but… Yeah, I think right now.
Wei Zheng: This is from what? From Google, from Microsoft.
Duy Nguyen: The anti-gravity is from Google?
Wei Zheng: from Google. It's good?
Duy Nguyen: Yeah, it's very good, but… But, I already reached the limit.
Duy Nguyen: For my, my, my plan.
Wei Zheng: Okay.
Duy Nguyen: So, I switched it, I use the cursor.
Duy Nguyen: And I, I, right now, I already use the codecs.
Wei Zheng: So, currently you use what?
Duy Nguyen: Currently, I, I do, cursor.
Wei Zheng: Corsa.
Duy Nguyen: Wait… Chisel.
Duy Nguyen: Here.
Duy Nguyen: Yeah.
Duy Nguyen: He's the Holycraft.
Wei Zheng: So, this is a demonstrator from what? This is from Cruza, or from your Python script?
Duy Nguyen: He's… is from… from the anti-gravity is from the… the nail…
Duy Nguyen: We use Langchain, LaneGraph, and GraphRack, right?
Duy Nguyen: So he…
Wei Zheng: the packages, huh?
Duy Nguyen: Yeah, it's packet juice.
Wei Zheng: This is a Python package, is that?
Wei Zheng: It's a Python, Python package.
Duy Nguyen: Yeah.
Duy Nguyen: We can see, here's a note, and…
Wei Zheng: No, oh. So, so, can you,
Wei Zheng: So, this is a knowledge graph, and each one is a concept, right?
Duy Nguyen: Yes.
Wei Zheng: And also,
Wei Zheng: how about the error mean? What the error mean? Is it just a single error or double error?
Wei Zheng: Amy.
Wei Zheng: The age, they have the arrow along the edge, is that?
Duy Nguyen: Yes.
Wei Zheng: What does that mean?
Wei Zheng: Okay, the age, normally, I mean, the arrow or the age normally is related to the relation. Do you have the relation marked? Do you have the different type of relation? For each link?
Duy Nguyen: I have the little relation here, it's the good connection, it's.
Wei Zheng: Connection, degree.
Duy Nguyen: Don't realize…
Wei Zheng: What is the clinical seasoning, reasoning?
Wei Zheng: No, but anyway… What does this mean? Okay, can you explain to me what does this mean?
Duy Nguyen: It's just a visualization for the entity and the relationship.
Duy Nguyen: And…
Wei Zheng: and, relation, huh?
Duy Nguyen: Entity and relation, just.
Wei Zheng: No, okay, the entity is a circle, is that?
Duy Nguyen: Yes, the entity is so cool.
Wei Zheng: So, how about relation? The entity have the name, is that?
Duy Nguyen: Yeah.
Duy Nguyen: Here's the relation, or the relation.
Wei Zheng: Yeah, the relation… did you have the relation, have a different type of relation? Does the relation have the name or not?
Wei Zheng: Yeah, you just click that relation. What's the relation of that?
Duy Nguyen: The…
Wei Zheng: Or do you have the different type of relation? Have you specified.
Duy Nguyen: position.
Wei Zheng: Yeah, the relation. Do you… have you pre… Pre-define the relation or not.
Duy Nguyen: I mean, I mean…
Wei Zheng: I mean, when we talk about the relations, they have different type of relation.
Duy Nguyen: Yes.
Wei Zheng: Do you have defined? Do you have the set?
Wei Zheng: Do you have a set of different type of relations you already defined?
Duy Nguyen: Actually, no. I think no.
Wei Zheng: Yeah, when you do the knowledge graph, do you… how do you specify the type of relation?
Duy Nguyen: time relationship.
Duy Nguyen: And I talked with, and asked Cosa.
Wei Zheng: But when you run this, when you run the package.
Wei Zheng: Do you… do you need a specified relation, or they will identify relation by themselves?
Duy Nguyen: very… they already defied the relation and the entity by themselves, because we use LRM, we use AI, we use the model, so the model… the model, I think the model do the… a lot of things.
Wei Zheng: Okay, but do… can you out… can you output the…
Wei Zheng: The, the entity and the relation, they, they identify.
Duy Nguyen: Yes.
Duy Nguyen: Here's the entity, folder, the identity file.
Wei Zheng: Can you, can you outpose what is… okay.
Wei Zheng: So basically, based on what you say, once you specify some criteria, is that?
Wei Zheng: And then, once you feed this pipeline, or the model, with that, set 20, a publication, right?
Wei Zheng: And then they will digest those 20 publications, and then they try to establish the entity.
Wei Zheng: And the relation. And then, they connect.
Wei Zheng: the different entity with the relation they identified. Is that right? Is this the…
Duy Nguyen: Yeah.
Wei Zheng: Are you sure I mean… that package, or that, Microsoft,
Wei Zheng: Knowledge graph can do this.
Wei Zheng: Are you sure of that? Are you sure about it?
Duy Nguyen: Actually, we can ask… ask the… the AI, right now.
Duy Nguyen: What is… the…
Wei Zheng: Yeah, you, because you, you have the, you have the script, like, Python script, is that?
Duy Nguyen: Yes.
Wei Zheng: Yeah, you ask her what wha…
Wei Zheng: What this package is about? What the output it is?
Duy Nguyen: Still…
Duy Nguyen: How many times?
Duy Nguyen: I have a relation…
Duy Nguyen: Relationship.
Duy Nguyen: We got… we have…
Wei Zheng: So, what the next UL do?
Wei Zheng: Or, can you compare the knowledge graph you established with that,
Wei Zheng: the humans, no, I mean, with that publication.
Wei Zheng: Can you make the comparison?
Wei Zheng: Or is anything from that publication? I mean, from Richmond.
Wei Zheng: From, I don't know, from Richardson or Richmond.
Duy Nguyen: Yes.
Wei Zheng: They're public, because we always try to compare
Wei Zheng: What outcome we got from the pipeline we tried to develop with the… that original… the original one review publica… One… that's the original review paper, right?
Wei Zheng: So that's our evaluation.
Wei Zheng: So, so…
Duy Nguyen: Intervention target.
Duy Nguyen: And we…
Wei Zheng: So what is output here? This is out from directly from,
Wei Zheng: Now, what are… what you are looking at is a cruiser?
Duy Nguyen: Yeah, it's crucial, yeah.
Wei Zheng: The, the, the, the, in the middle part is output, is that?
Duy Nguyen: Yes, tell me about this Apple.
Wei Zheng: put directly from the Python, huh?
Duy Nguyen: Yeah, for the Python.
Wei Zheng: The… the mag is in the table.
Duy Nguyen: Yep.
Duy Nguyen: The… the Microsoft Graph Rack
Duy Nguyen: The output, the out… the… the output, the outcome of… of, GraphRank is…
Wei Zheng: It's like this, huh?
Duy Nguyen: Yeah.
Wei Zheng: But this is the output on the screen, is that?
Duy Nguyen: Yep.
Wei Zheng: But, but, but, this queue, they also have the output in file, the output file, right?
Duy Nguyen: Yeah, that for fuck.
Wei Zheng: This is the output directly shown on the screen.
Wei Zheng: Is that correct? Is this just the printout and output on the screen?
Duy Nguyen: Bring that up on the screen? Well, what you mean?
Wei Zheng: I mean, on the, on your, on your, what's called, environmental, just like you print something.
Wei Zheng: output directly on the screen. On the screen, you run that.
Wei Zheng: You run the Python in this, in this, in, in the middle part, is that?
Duy Nguyen: You're wrong.
Wei Zheng: I didn't tell you that.
Duy Nguyen: And then we got the… the apple pie right here. It's a lot of fire in here.
Duy Nguyen: Yeah, but I use…
Wei Zheng: She'll be the same, is I?
Duy Nguyen: Yeah, it's a distributed state.
Wei Zheng: It's the same, okay. But.
Duy Nguyen: The entity and relationship right here is the same with this… this one. Just… this one is just a visualization from this one.
Wei Zheng: But, but they do not show the relation on the, on the dial… on… on… on the, on the, on the, on the…
Wei Zheng: On the… on the… on the… on the figure, on the… on the… On the diagram, you know?
Duy Nguyen: Yep.
Duy Nguyen: So I need to show the relation.
Wei Zheng: I don't know if you can shoot that or not.
Wei Zheng: Can you? Is there any option or allow you to show the relation? Because normally, we have the entity, and then the relation, either one direction or two direction, you know what I mean? One direction or two directions, you know what I mean?
Duy Nguyen: News.
Wei Zheng: And then, they have some name. What type of relation?
Wei Zheng: So, what the next step?
Wei Zheng: What's the next step you have in your mind?
Duy Nguyen: The next step I have in my mind is… Cheers.
Duy Nguyen: Oh…
Duy Nguyen: see 3 papers, you… you send me, you already sent me?
Duy Nguyen: three documents you send me, it's very useful, it's a very… Specific?
Wei Zheng: What are three…
Duy Nguyen: He…
Wei Zheng: The three-word document.
Wei Zheng: No, what do you try to do? Because now you, you, you have that,
Wei Zheng: The graph, you said this graph is still not good. How you know it's not good? And…
Duy Nguyen: It's, it's, it's not good because… The data… But this graph, it shows…
Duy Nguyen: I… I… I just run… 5 paper.
Duy Nguyen: He had just copied.
Wei Zheng: white paper.
Duy Nguyen: Just that… because when… when we run all… when we run the 28…
Duy Nguyen: It will spend a lot of token.
Wei Zheng: Okay.
Wei Zheng: Let's see, how can we deal with this situation? So…
Wei Zheng: essentially, you need an API from the…
Wei Zheng: From this, three, whatever, is that?
Duy Nguyen: Yes.
Wei Zheng: We can purchase that, but anyway, okay, we will talk about this later, but anyway, that is as long as we establish an account.
Wei Zheng: And this is an API key, you can use that, is that?
Duy Nguyen: Yes.
Wei Zheng: Okay, we will talk about this later.
Duy Nguyen: Usually.
Wei Zheng: Okay. So, best.
Duy Nguyen: Last time, I talked with, Dr. Bo Wang.
Wei Zheng: Yeah.
Duy Nguyen: And… He already have… some project…
Duy Nguyen: that used the API from OpenAI.
Duy Nguyen: And… He, he talked with you, he, he talked with me that… His… his group, his team.
Duy Nguyen: Spent around, like, 25.
Duy Nguyen: 25… Thousand…
Duy Nguyen: US dollar for the OpenAI API, but still don't get… don't have… don't get the… the perfect output, the expect, outcome.
Wei Zheng: What, I mean, $25,000.
Duy Nguyen: 25,000 US dollars, but their team still, right now still don't…
Duy Nguyen: Have the, the, the, the outcome that they expected.
Duy Nguyen: And I think…
Wei Zheng: He, he, he used the…
Duy Nguyen: He used the OpenAI API.
Wei Zheng: Okay.
Wei Zheng: I don't know what kind of thing. But for the 28 people, that, I think, probably is less than $100.
Duy Nguyen: Yes, yes.
Wei Zheng: The dog?
Wei Zheng: Well, the 20… 28 paper, the token, should be… should be less than $100.
Duy Nguyen: Yeah. Bubba, I just… It's just the story I…
Wei Zheng: We said we can talk about this later, about how we do this, but anyway, we have the budget, but we need to set up the account. I don't know how to do that. But anyway, as long as you have the API key, you can call that, right?
Duy Nguyen: Yes. Actually, you, I, you can send… you can copy and… and send me the API key.
Duy Nguyen: you can…
Wei Zheng: Yeah, but I need, I need to figure out how to do this. But anyway, you said that because the current,
Wei Zheng: Can you, okay, based on the current 5 paper.
Wei Zheng: Can you make some comparison? Okay, but anyway, no matter how many paper it is, once you go through, establish the knowledge graph.
Wei Zheng: how you… Evaluate. How you evaluate them?
Wei Zheng: And particularly evaluate them in terms what we want.
Wei Zheng: Because eventually, this is just the process, right? Eventually, we want, whatever we call the OMC, or whatever they call, call it.
Duy Nguyen: Damn, though.
Wei Zheng: And how this is related to this, related to that.
Wei Zheng: How the quality of this knowledge graph will be impacted.
Wei Zheng: Zah.
Wei Zheng: eventual outcome we want, is that?
Wei Zheng: Yeah. So, so eventually that outcome is what? I think, based on my memory is, for what kind of student, what kind of intervention is more effective than
Wei Zheng: Other intervention or pedagogy method.
Wei Zheng: Is that right?
Duy Nguyen: Yes, it's for me.
Wei Zheng: That is, eventually, we want to come out, is that?
Duy Nguyen: Yeah.
Wei Zheng: So… Have you read that, Richmond paper? And for what their conclusion it is?
Wei Zheng: After they review these 28 people.
Wei Zheng: What, what final conclusion they have? They just come one conclusion, or they come out, several, conclusions.
Wei Zheng: You need the best answers to figure out what eventually we want to.
Wei Zheng: But I don't think… I'm not sure, you currently, you have the idea what eventually we want to achieve.
Wei Zheng: Without this idea, I don't know how…
Wei Zheng: how you can proceed this. You first, you need to know what is eventually, we want.
Wei Zheng: compared to what they got from that Richmond's, review paper.
Wei Zheng: You just try to verify or confirm.
Wei Zheng: Where the… The eventual, eventual, the final, outcome.
Wei Zheng: Will be such thing, like, for…
Wei Zheng: For those student groups, what kind of pedagogy, or what kind of intervention is most effective? Which one is not effective? Is something like that?
Wei Zheng: Haha, ha, have you… have this?
Wei Zheng: Have you had this in… In… in your mind.
Duy Nguyen: Yeah, I already have the idea that we have…
Duy Nguyen: we have had, we need to have the standard, the gold standard, like.
Duy Nguyen: the standard, if, the standard, like, the… when… when we have… when we have the… the outcome, right? When we have the outcome, we need to have some standard to compare with the outcome we got.
Wei Zheng: Yeah, the outcome is… the standard is… our standard is whatever is in that paper, is that?
Duy Nguyen: Mmm…
Wei Zheng: You do not know what I mean?
Duy Nguyen: I understand what you say, but I'm not sure about the answer.
Wei Zheng: That is… the richerman.
Duy Nguyen: Good luck.
Wei Zheng: our goal.
Duy Nguyen: Yeah.
Wei Zheng: golden standard.
Wei Zheng: So you need to see what they have, and then we… then we will try to achieve what they have, and then we make a comparison, what we got from our model, and compare to what they have.
Wei Zheng: But eventually, you first, you need to understand what is the, how, accomplish what they have got.
Wei Zheng: After they review these 28 paper, and what they present as their outcome.
Wei Zheng: From reviewing those 28 people and present in their publication, and then we will take those as golden standard, because we try to develop our model that will actually simulate
Wei Zheng: What human did? What the rich man group did?
Wei Zheng: Is that?
Duy Nguyen: Yes, yeah, yeah, yeah, this makes sense.
Wei Zheng: Salt!
Wei Zheng: So what the… And what… and after we come out of the knowledge graph, and then what else?
Wei Zheng: In order… what else we need to do?
Wei Zheng: In order to… In order to achieve.
Wei Zheng: In order, in order to achieve the, the outcome.
Wei Zheng: that the rich man present in their paper. So, you first, you need to… you need to read their paper again.
Wei Zheng: That paper will be the golden standard.
Wei Zheng: golden standard for our evaluation. You need to know what is the result they come. But my perception, even I do not read the paper, thoroughly, my perception is, just like I said.
Wei Zheng: There, eventually, they just say, for a particular student group, and what type of pedagogy is most effective to them, and to what extent that method will be effective, and which method is not effective to those type of student group, based on
Wei Zheng: Yeah, based on the other people's, or whatever, the other people who made the 28th, publication.
Wei Zheng: I think probably this is just one conclusion. Probably they have the different conclusion for different group of the people. So for this group of people, which method, which pedagogy, based on the previous research, that is most effective? And which one is not
Wei Zheng: Effective, or you can rank!
Wei Zheng: For those type of group of people, what type of… what's the number one effective approach? What is the number two effective approach?
Wei Zheng: That's my understanding. You need to…
Wei Zheng: You need to read that, and you need to… Verify whether…
Wei Zheng: what I say is correct or not. If not, you need to let me know.
Duy Nguyen: Okay.
Wei Zheng: And is that?
Wei Zheng: After we established the knowledge graph, how can we move? How can we utilize?
Wei Zheng: This knowledge graph, pool… to achieve
Wei Zheng: What do we want to achieve?
Wei Zheng: Actually, that is… is one. Actually, the rich man.
Wei Zheng: Achieved by manually, by, by, by, by, by themselves.
Wei Zheng: So, but anyway, so far, you only work on the group, graph.
Wei Zheng: Lock?
Duy Nguyen: Yes.
Wei Zheng: After you've got a graph for anything, what is the pipeline?
Wei Zheng: should do. I think I mentioned that in that.
Wei Zheng: Oh, I think that…
Duy Nguyen: So we… The long… the long list graph is just…
Duy Nguyen: just the reasoning that helped the AI, they not, illuminate.
Duy Nguyen: like…
Duy Nguyen: if, like, when… when we feed the data to… when we feed the data to the AI, the LOM,
Duy Nguyen: It's gonna be… Illuminate is gonna be, like.
Duy Nguyen: over… overfitting or, underfitting, so the knowledge graph, the satellite makes the AI do not illuminate.
Duy Nguyen: And based on that, it will, the reasoning will be… Effective.
Wei Zheng: So…
Wei Zheng: So, currently, you have this pipeline, you use the Google, knowledge graph, you run it, and then you come out the knowledge… knowledge graph.
Wei Zheng: Lai?
Duy Nguyen: Yes.
Wei Zheng: And it… And then you, you, you need a…
Wei Zheng: You need, you need to have the idea, because I think, I forgot what I'm writing down.
Wei Zheng: But you need to look at this… That's saying you need to…
Wei Zheng: You need to make a clear direction, you need a sin, you need to feel.
Wei Zheng: You need to know.
Wei Zheng: What is the next… Stab.
Wei Zheng: Okay. What a direction.
Wei Zheng: Maybe not more mold.
Duy Nguyen: I will, bry my…
Duy Nguyen: Report my direction, the next step, and send it to you.
Duy Nguyen: every plan I'm about to do.
Wei Zheng: So, the currently… You use the anti… Okay.
Wei Zheng: you use.
Duy Nguyen: Anti-gravity?
Wei Zheng: And, and then you, you, you're also familiar with Cruiser, is that?
Duy Nguyen: Yes.
Duy Nguyen: And I already, actually, I'm familiar with anti-gravity, too, because it's similar.
Wei Zheng: So… But anyway, they are all, no matter what you use.
Wei Zheng: Eventually, they will produce.
Duy Nguyen: the idea, I guess.
Wei Zheng: the Python script, right?
Duy Nguyen: Yes.
Wei Zheng: And then you run it, you run the Python.
Wei Zheng: Is that? Eventually, you run the Python, is that?
Wei Zheng: Is that right? You run the Python, is that?
Duy Nguyen: I run the Python.
Wei Zheng: All of the provider code is in Python, is right?
Duy Nguyen: Yes, everything is, is, is Python, is Python.
Wei Zheng: And in the Python, you also, you can develop the interface.
Wei Zheng: For, for, for, for, for, for, for, for, facilitate the user.
Duy Nguyen: absolute weak.
Duy Nguyen: We, we can use the Python.
Duy Nguyen: for the interface. I already used the flash, the flash framework from Python.
Wei Zheng: Oh, no… You know what I mean, the user interface, just like Windows, you know what I mean?
Duy Nguyen: Yeah.
Wei Zheng: You know what I mean. We eventually… because we do not want people to operate in that crucial environmental design.
Wei Zheng: Eventually, if we let people run, it's just run, like, Microsoft Word, right? Yes. Like, Excel sheet, or whatever. We need to have the interface directly, to input the data.
Wei Zheng: You know what I mean?
Duy Nguyen: Yeah, I, I understand.
Duy Nguyen: We just have… if we want to run it, we just type Python, Bye, dog.
Duy Nguyen: main compiled.
Wei Zheng: Oh, this is your… That's your program, yeah? Oh, this is the interface? I mean?
Wei Zheng: What do you run this? What come out?
Duy Nguyen: I run it in the terminal.
Wei Zheng: Yeah, this is the terminal running, but we do not want the people Run at interminal, is that?
Duy Nguyen: I'm still working on it, I'm not finished yet, so… Just… still working on it.
Wei Zheng: But I don't know the… the schedule, I… Because of… They…
Wei Zheng: I need… I haven't checked the schedule. I think they need the final paper soon.
Wei Zheng: But we haven't… now we haven't any… we… we… we have not any… we do not have any…
Wei Zheng: Any final thing?
Wei Zheng: Hmm.
Wei Zheng: So, now is the API, you need the API.
Wei Zheng: But, what others do you need?
Duy Nguyen: For now, I, I just, just need the API.
Duy Nguyen: Because… motto… LRM do a lot of things for us.
Wei Zheng: But, but,
Wei Zheng: Okay.
Wei Zheng: You just, figure out, based on what I send you, after…
Wei Zheng: We established the knowledge graph, how we evaluate them.
Wei Zheng: against her.
Wei Zheng: What do they have in that, Richmond paper.
Wei Zheng: Because once we establish the knowledge graph, we need to have some way to evaluate them.
Wei Zheng: And then you need to check out whether the rich man's paper can have something
Wei Zheng: To let us use them.
Wei Zheng: As a golden standard.
Wei Zheng: to compare.
Wei Zheng: the current outcome.
Wei Zheng: All based on our, human judgment.
Wei Zheng: You can look at them.
Wei Zheng: And, look at the knowledge graph.
Wei Zheng: Based on your understanding of the original paper, Such, like, original 28
Wei Zheng: 8 paper, and then you will make a judgment whether
Wei Zheng: Whether those outcomes from the knowledge graph is good or not.
Wei Zheng: And is this the next?
Wei Zheng: Is, how can we choose?
Wei Zheng: How can we choose for the next?
Wei Zheng: You, you, you need to look at it, look at it, and then you have the idea. You need to…
Wei Zheng: First, you need to… you need to know what you should do.
Wei Zheng: And whether it's difficult, or how much effort you need.
Wei Zheng: But now you, you seem to be… you do not have any idea regarding what next to… what next to do. But… but anyway, for each step, what outcome we got from the pipeline?
Wei Zheng: We want kind… we want kind of evaluation, based on, the Richmond, the, the, the, the review paper.
Duy Nguyen: Can I know the… can I know the deadline for this project?
Duy Nguyen: The schedule?
Wei Zheng: I think it's probably just within one month, I think.
Duy Nguyen: One month.
Wei Zheng: Yeah.
Wei Zheng: Because now it's… because they have… they need to have the final paper. Final paper, then they have the… they need to have the… they need to have the review, and then they will publish it in August.
Wei Zheng: They, they are targeted for publication in August. I think that it will be only one month.
Wei Zheng: I don't know, okay. And another is what? How can we…
Wei Zheng: API. So you need three model API, or you just need one model API?
Wei Zheng: And also, you tell me how we do that. Just go to a step account to put the credit card there.
Duy Nguyen: Yes.
Duy Nguyen: And it's really easy, yeah, just like this.
Duy Nguyen: You already have the…
Duy Nguyen: OpenAI account, right? So, just API key, API key, and then… Create new secret key.
Duy Nguyen: Neil…
Duy Nguyen: Maybe even this one.
Duy Nguyen: Okay.
Wei Zheng: How are you…
Duy Nguyen: We create…
Duy Nguyen: And you create a secret key, and when you have the key, you copy it and send it to me. That's it.
Wei Zheng: I think, next, you… first, you read.
Wei Zheng: the Richmond paper, carefully, and then once you read… when you read this paper, you will come out, watch the data available from their publication.
Wei Zheng: That can be as a golden standard for compare each step outcome we have.
Wei Zheng: And also, you need to consider, if there's a difference, how we tell the model to refine.
Wei Zheng: You see what I mean?
Wei Zheng: And also, You need to consider what is the outcome?
Wei Zheng: From the pipeline, from model, that can be easily
Wei Zheng: Read, or easily grab, grab.
Wei Zheng: Or easily understand by By you, or by you, by, by any, human.
Wei Zheng: Anna Zelle?
Wei Zheng: And is there anymore.
Wei Zheng: then you need to tell the model whether it's good or not. If it's not good, and how we refine that, make it better.
Wei Zheng: That is the whole idea, I think, in this… in this framework. We need to let them to automatically doing work for human. And once they got, of course, this step by step, for each step, we let them to do automatically.
Wei Zheng: And then they give us… they present, the result from their automatically, working, to their autom… from their automation, right? And once they got the result, we, as humans, as experts, we will review their outcome.
Wei Zheng: And then we will tell which part is not good.
Wei Zheng: All we need to tell them to improve, to make it better, and then we provide this input to them, and then they will do a second round. And I mean, for each step.
Wei Zheng: Now, currently, you're working on the knowledge graph.
Wei Zheng: And after you've got a knowledge graph, you need to… you need to have the sense whether this knowledge graph is good enough or not.
Wei Zheng: Based on some criteria.
Wei Zheng: But the if is not good, and then you need to tell them which part is not good, which part is wrong.
Wei Zheng: And then you tell them to correct them.
Wei Zheng: And then they will go a second.
Wei Zheng: Automation.
Wei Zheng: And then… After the automation, Automation, and then they come out a new result.
Wei Zheng: And then you will evaluate the new result again, if it's okay, and then that pass.
Wei Zheng: And then we go to the next step.
Wei Zheng: Next step, of course, we will let the machine doing the work, normally the human doing.
Wei Zheng: But once they do automatically, produce the outcome. And then, as a human, we will review this outcome.
Wei Zheng: And then we will tell which part is good, or which part is not good, and how…
Wei Zheng: How we… how… how the machine, how the pipeline can… Can't, can't rewise!
Wei Zheng: To avoid, or to do better for the… for the part we identify.
Wei Zheng: That is the whole process, and eventually.
Wei Zheng: We will gather the result, the final result, like I just mentioned at the beginning, for which student, for, for what, for a given student group, what is the most effective pedagogy that could be, based on the available research publication?
Wei Zheng: That actually is the 28th.
Wei Zheng: Paper, we used here.
Wei Zheng: Okay.
Duy Nguyen: Yep.
Duy Nguyen: Thank you.
Wei Zheng: Yeah, you, you need a…
Wei Zheng: I think… I don't know what kind of other activity you get. You need better to focus all your time, to work on this, and then we make the publication. Before, I think you work on…
Wei Zheng: You work on something, that's, what?
Wei Zheng: The web, crawling, right?
Duy Nguyen: Yes.
Wei Zheng: Actually, the web of quarrying.
Wei Zheng: Can be a part of this pipeline, is that?
Duy Nguyen: Yep.
Duy Nguyen: The web flooring is… Scraping, scroll, collected the data.
Wei Zheng: Yeah.
Wei Zheng: But anyway… But you need… but sometimes I just feel you are not, I don't know.
Wei Zheng: You seem to be, I'll be honest with you, my feeling after communicating with you.
Wei Zheng: Okay, I think, Just a…
Wei Zheng: I will send this script to you, okay?
Wei Zheng: I will send this conversation script to you, okay?
Wei Zheng: I will send the ch- That's a… yeah, that's… this is the meeting's script to you.
Wei Zheng: And the… Once you have some new thing come out, just like you identify the step.
Wei Zheng: And then you just let me know. And also, when you write an email.
Wei Zheng: Do not keep the same title. The email title should reflect what's the content in the email, you know what I mean?
Duy Nguyen: Okay.
Wei Zheng: And then that's easy to retrieve. Otherwise, they have the same title.
Wei Zheng: And then this will be difficult.
Wei Zheng: You know what I mean?
Wei Zheng: Okay.
Duy Nguyen: Okay.
Wei Zheng: Yeah, but anyway, you send me… give me a template of your, your letter, and also give me the screenshot. I will communicate, the, the, the… and also the email they use, and also I will find some other email.
Wei Zheng: You, you, that email is what's called the FutureTiger, you know? That is the email you use, you know?
Duy Nguyen: Yes.
Wei Zheng: Yeah, give me that email, give me that email.
Wei Zheng: Okay.
Wei Zheng: Okay, okay. But anyway, I hope you can work digitally, digitally on this and come out. We can make this publication.
Wei Zheng: Okay, but a public…
Wei Zheng: The API, I will, I will figure out the API, okay? I will figure out API. But currently, you just try to, lay out the, the whole, whole, whole framework, okay? You need to know what next you need to do, and what next you need to prepare.
Wei Zheng: Okay? And eventually, you need to have a clear clue.
Wei Zheng: for this particular… because I have… I only have the roof, I… I only have the roof… the roof idea, but I do not have a particular idea. But for you, you have the particular idea. You face the 28 paper, right? And then you have the Richmonds, the final paper.
Wei Zheng: And then you just try to think of it.
Wei Zheng: How can we let the machine Come out the result.
Wei Zheng: That can be, that actually… yeah, that…
Wei Zheng: That's comparable to the rich man, human.
Wei Zheng: A team.
Wei Zheng: team's outcome.
Duy Nguyen: Okay.
Wei Zheng: Okay? And then you try to figure out… before you do any, yeah, try to figure out this. But before you do that, just give me, the, the, the, the, the, what, recommendation template, okay?
Wei Zheng: And also, yeah, okay.
Wei Zheng: Okay.
Duy Nguyen: Thank you so much for helping me today.